Honey, I'm back.
Hard work today
There are snacks in the refrigerator
I'm not hungry.
Wife I love you
I love you too.
Is he really blind?
We tested it in so many ways
He didn't show any flaws
It means he is really blind
It seems that I did think too much before
So what do we do next?
Tomorrow, the head of Pangu Group
A private banquet will be held in Fengcheng
I will get tens of billions of orders at the banquet
Korea Group
That's the most valuable company in the country.
Exactly.
The controller of the Pangu Group is Shangjing
Top city Su family
When I got tens of billions of orders
Attach to the Su family
Will have the support of everyone on the company's board of directors
By that time
The board of directors will issue a resolution
Kick the project out of the shareholders
Hengdian
Good days are coming